I sent him a message
that his sister will die if he doesn't
blow himself up
with the hostages by midnight.
So trust me and be patient.
That's great!
Them blowing themselves up?
That's way better.
What if Kang makes off
with 300 million dollars?
Just trust her and wait for her?
Once she has that much money,
she might flee to another country.
I'll help you
get only Yeong-ro out of here.
Your father is the ANSP director?
Isn't he the one trying to kill us all?
Yeong-ro's such a murderer's daughter?
That's so creepy!
I want to help you get out alive.
I'll get in the same car as Soo-ho.
I'm sorry I've put you
through all this.
Soo-ho.
I'll stay by your side until the end.
BONUS
You're Linda Young, a fund manager
at ABK Partners based in Hong Kong.
And you're flying to the New York HQ
tomorrow morning
to have a conference meeting.
I'm Gong Gil-sun,
who used to scam US soldiers in Osaka.
I'm the Gong Gil-sun.
Don't you know my nickname?
Of course I do. "Threatening Gong."
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]